# Restaurant Menu Project
This is a team project and all team members must contribute at least 50% to the effort.   I will select your team.   Comment the sections of code that you did on the version you turn in. Using Java please code a complete program that will allow you to run a small restaurant. You must present the menu on the screen (console) with all descriptions of the items and prices next to the items (10 items minimum) as well as the name of the restaurant (Be creative). At the bottom of the screen you must ask the "employee" to enter the menu item(s) based on either it's name or description or other identifying symbol. The program must calculate a running total of the prices of the items ordered (remember multiple items of the same type ordered must be accounted for in your code). All monetary values must be figured using TWO decimal places, but must round correctly. After all items are entered, your program must display a subtotal (before tax) and then calculate tax which must be displayed (based on 8.38%). The program must then show the Grand Total and wait for "employee" input on the cash tendered. After the "employee" enters the cash amount given, the program must show the amount of change due back. After all of this is done the program must prompt for the next order and return to the original display. Make certain that there is a way to exit the program and make certain that you have robust error checking as I will be trying to "break" your program. Comment everything so that I can understand your code. Please let me know which IDE (not CodeHS) you used. I will run it using that IDE if possible. Make certain that your displays are readable and look professional. There are some bonus points available for creativity.
